fix(service): add a link to band allocation blog post (#53469)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/service.md

Dynamic port assignment uses the upper band by default, and it may use the lower band once the 
upper band has been exhausted. Users can then allocate from the lower band with a lower risk of port collision.

> For more details about how band is assigned, see the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details about how bands are assigned, see the
```
